Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 7, The World Around Us.
This unit has 20 vocabulary cards in 4 learning groups.
Group 1 is Caring for the Environment.
Listen for words such as planting, watering, picking up, litter, recycling.
Group 2 is Parts of a Plant.
Listen for words such as roots, stem, leaves, flower, seeds.
Group 3 is Nature and Our Planet.
Listen for words such as tree, air, water, soil, Earth.
Group 4 is Words for Saying Thank You to Nature.
Listen for words such as glad, happy, thankful, appreciate, important.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 7.